Weekly spoiler roles/channel support (#35)
sbzappa/marabot: README.md

## Available commands

> - `!race presetName`: Generate a race using the specified preset.
> - `!custom`: Generate a custom race from an imported .json file (Requires file to be uploaded to Discord).
> - `!preset presetName`: Display information for the specified preset.
> - `!presets`: Display all available presets. All presets are in the `presets/` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `!race <presetName>`: Generate a race using the specified preset.
- `!custom`: Generate a custom race using the .json preset file attached to this message (only available to people with a race organizer role for security reasons).
- `!preset <presetName>`: Display information for the specified preset.
- `!presets`: Display all available presets. All presets are in the `presets/` folder.
```

> - `!newpreset rawOptions`: Generate a JSON preset (with options filled in, if given). Only available in DMs to reduce spam.
> - `!weekly`: Display the current weekly race settings. 
> - `!completed HH:MM:SS`: Add your name to the leaderboard for the weekly race or override your time in the leaderboard with a new one. Also gain access to the spoiler channel.
> - `!forfeit`: Forfeit the weekly, but gain access to the spoiler channel.
> - `!leaderboard [weekNumber]`: Display specified week's leaderboard. Without parameters, display this week's leaderboard if in spoiler channel.
> 
> ## Running a bot instance
> ### Requirements
> 
> - .Net Core: https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download
> - DSharpPlus: https://github.com/DSharpPlus/DSharpPlus
> 
> ### Permissions
> 
> For all commands to work, the following permissions must be given to the bot on discord
> 
> - Send Messages
> - Manage Messages
> - Manage Roles (only required for roles defined in `config.json`)
> - Access Channels
> - Add Reactions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `!newpreset [rawOptions]`: Generate a JSON preset (with options filled in, if given). Only available in DMs to reduce spam.
- `!weekly`: Display the current weekly race settings. 
- `!completed <HH:MM:SS>`: Add your name to the leaderboard for the weekly race or override your time in the leaderboard with a new one. Also gain access to the spoiler channel.
- `!forfeit`: Forfeit the weekly, but gain access to the spoiler channel. WIll add you to the leaderboard as DNF.
- `!leaderboard [weekNumber]`: Display specified week's leaderboard. Without parameters, display this week's leaderboard (only if in spoiler channel).

## Running a bot instance
### Requirements

- .Net Core: https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download
- DSharpPlus: https://github.com/DSharpPlus/DSharpPlus

### Permissions

For all commands to work, the following permissions must be given to the bot on discord

- Send Messages
- Manage Messages
- Manage Roles (only required for roles defined in `config.json`)
- Access Channels
- Add Reactions (optional, used to confirm execution of a command)
```

- .Net Core: https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download
- DSharpPlus: https://github.com/DSharpPlus/DSharpPlus

### Permissions

For all commands to work, the following permissions must be given to the bot on discord

- Send Messages
- Manage Messages

> - Manage Roles

Reviewer: Maybe note that the bot only needs to manage the role assigned in the config.
So if you move the bot role down enough, it shouldn't be able to give, add or remove roles that could compromise the security of the server.

Author: Added some details in README in 0a6d5cf56dd2ab174f54457026a7e5306d681edb.

- Access Channels

> - Add Reactions

Reviewer: Using the `SendSuccessReaction` functions, we're dynamically checking for reaction permissions, so that you don't need to give the bot the reaction permission.
If we flat-out require adding reactions, we might want to remove the permission check in the helper functions to improve performance.

Author: True, we could keep this a soft requirement...
I started adding `[RequirePermissions]` attributes because we are at a point where the bot won't work as it should unless it has these permissions enabled, but adding reactions could remain a soft-requirement.
